1. Create TLEI Business Events in PAT Dynatrace for LAUPD App
Story Points: 1 (2 for first-time setup)
Description:
As a member of the Availability Enablement Pod, I want to create business events for LAUPD App in PAT Dynatrace, so that we can leverage the LEI framework to measure the application's TLEI metrics in PAT. This includes creating events for each critical endpoint/URL identified by the LAUPD App team.

Acceptance Criteria:

Business events created for all critical endpoints (validated by LAUPD App team).

Events configured in Dynatrace PAT using the LEI framework.

Documentation updated in Confluence with LAUPD-specific event definitions.

Completion within 1 business day (2 days for first-time setup).

2. Analyze Event Data in PAT for LAUPD App
Story Points: 2 (3 if complex)
Description:
As a member of the Availability Enablement Pod, I want to analyze LAUPD App event data in Dynatrace PAT to validate accuracy, remove duplicates, and differentiate between business failures (BFs) and technical failures.

Acceptance Criteria:

Report generated showing:

Duplicate events resolved.

BFs vs. technical failures clearly tagged.

LAUPD App team confirms data accuracy.

Events modified if needed (e.g., filters adjusted).

3. Promote Business Events to PROD for LAUPD App
Story Points: 1
Description:
As a member of the Availability Enablement Pod, I want to promote the validated Dynatrace business events setup from PAT to PROD for LAUPD App.

Acceptance Criteria:

PAT configuration exactly replicated in PROD Dynatrace.

Synthetic transactions tested in PROD.

CHG ticket approved (if required).

4. Analyze Event Data in PROD for LAUPD App
Story Points: 1
Description:
As a member of the Availability Enablement Pod, I want to verify PROD event data for LAUPD App matches PAT behavior and expected volumes.

Acceptance Criteria:

PROD data matches PAT patterns (±5% variance).

LAUPD App team confirms expected volumes.

MAL FLINCODE table updated for LAUPD App.

5. Go-Live TLEI for LAUPD App in PROD
Story Points: 1
Description:
As a member of the Availability Enablement Pod, I want to finalize TLEI onboarding for LAUPD App in PROD.

Acceptance Criteria:

Events actively capturing data in PROD.

Dashboards show LAUPD App metrics.

CHG ticket closed (if used).









Sprint Story: Codebase Analysis and Documentation
Story Description
As a development team member
I want to thoroughly analyze and understand the ASP Classic codebase structure and functionality
So that we can effectively maintain, enhance, and potentially modernize the application with full awareness of technical dependencies and business logic.

Story 1: Initial Codebase Reconnaissance
Description
Conduct initial discovery of the ASP Classic application to understand the overall architecture, file structure, and key components.

Acceptance Criteria
✅ MUST HAVE
Inventory Completion: All .asp, .asa, .inc, and related files are cataloged with basic metadata (size, last modified)

Line Count Report: Generate comprehensive line count report using CLOC showing code vs comments vs blanks by file type

Architecture Diagram: Create high-level architecture diagram showing main components and their relationships

Entry Points Identified: Document all application entry points (default.asp, index.asp, main landing pages)

Global.asa Analysis: Complete analysis of Global.asa including application/session events and global variables

✅ SHOULD HAVE
Dependency Map: Visual map of include file dependencies and page relationships

Technology Stack: Document all identified technologies (COM components, database providers, third-party libraries)

Folder Structure: Documented folder hierarchy with purpose descriptions for each major directory

💡 COULD HAVE
Initial Risk Assessment: Identify obvious technical debt or security concerns

Code Quality Metrics: Basic metrics on code complexity and documentation levels

Story 2: Functional Module Analysis
Description
Analyze and document the core functional modules and business processes implemented in the application.

Acceptance Criteria
✅ MUST HAVE
Module Inventory: Complete list of functional modules with descriptions (User Management, Reporting, Data Processing, etc.)

Business Process Flows: Document at least 3 core business process flows with step-by-step page navigation

Database Interaction Map: Identify all database connection methods and key tables accessed

Form Processing: Document major form submission flows and data validation approaches

✅ SHOULD HAVE
Authentication/Authorization: Document login process and role-based access control implementation

Key Algorithms: Identify and document complex business logic or calculation algorithms

Error Handling: Document error handling patterns and user notification methods



































Invoke-WebRequest -Uri "https://myteam.td.com/teams/DaystoFailureReport/Shared_Documents/Days_to_Failure_Reports/DiskHealth_report.csv" -OutFile ".\DiskHealth_report.csv" -UseDefaultCredentials




$url = "https://myteam.td.com/teams/DaystoFailureReport/Shared_Documents/Days_to_Failure_Reports/DiskHealth_report.csv"
$outputPath = "C:\temp\DiskHealth_report.csv"

# Download the file
Invoke-WebRequest -Uri $url -OutFile $outputPath


